The Joe Rogan experience.
So that lead you from a hut. You're staying down. They stop, they go stop,
listen to the insects and the river. He goes, that's going to be amplified soon.
I don't know. Okay. It comes. And they, the woman, uh,
the Shama wears his head dress. And she beats you with these leaves and rubs.
This says whatever chance she says and rubs his stone all over,
you gives you the Iowasca tastes like
tastes like whatever's left in this ashtray. And you just drank it down.
They say your partner on this side of the fire, you're on this side of the fire.
You don't talk, he's having his trip. You're having your trip. That's it.
Um, um, you might throw up because that is the Iowasca,
doesn't make a trip to Iowa. It takes everything out of you. And then the
chunk I have written down actually
chacruna was the, oh, that's a different drug.
Yeah. So I was clear as you Alyssa chacruna in this case, do it. They showed,
they showed me where the iOS came from plants at 80 years before they planted
it. So drank it, I'm laying there on a mat. It was just like a thin,
thin mat next to his fire in this like HUD hut. Um, I don't,
I I'm a bit worried about like anacondas and Jaguars and stuff, but like,
um, so she says, the Shawmut says,
I'm your mother here die WASA. The root is your grandmother.
My son who's, who's trained to be a shaman. He is your brother.
And the fire is your ancestors. Um,
so I drank it. He said, stare at the fire for about five minutes.
Then go lay down.
My partner started throwing up 10 minutes in going to the edge.
There's two entrances to the thing, store it up. I just wasn't coming. It.
Wasn't coming a little bit of like a light capita stem mushroom feel about,
I don't know, hour and a half or so. And then I started getting nauseous,
but I'm sorry, I'm trying to choke it down.
Like don't don't and then it hit me like, oh, I think I'm supposed to like,
supposed to throw up. So I kinda like pitch black. I mean,
away from the fire went to the, the edge and then like, you know,
how you can like, sort of like, and then barked like a little bit,
and then just unloaded.
I was afraid it would be like retching and retching. It wasn't that, um,
just like unloaded. And then he's right there.
The shaman's like trainee son with a bowl of water.
He was pushed around. Don't drink it. And he goes, uh, are you having visions,
dude? I don't know how he was.
I don't know how he's communicating to me in Spanish.
I barely speak Spanish and he barely speaks Spanish, but it enough,
I guess I was like, he was like, are you having visions? And I was like, yeah,
they're more of like, kind of mental, like a mental mushrooms, mental.
And he goes, okay, go back. Be strong.
I don't know how he was conveying this to me. But he was like,
okay, go be strong, go lay down there. And like, you have to like be strong.
So then it just opened up and so more than an hour and a half in,
more than an hour and a half out of a seven hour trip. Wow. Um,
yeah, it took a while partner was going immediately, but like, uh,
I see these like fractals and like an,
a K G geometric shapes and occasional like splashes of,
and this is the roof of the hut, right?
So there's nothing there and an occasional,
like real splash of like vivid neon light.
And then I started seeing these like orbs kind of like going up into
the fractals. And then the more I looked forward and back I'm on my back,
but more like forward, backwards side of the side,
there's just hundreds or thousands of these, these orbs,
these small orbs going up into the fractals and just sort of like playing with
each other, these orders, they were kind of like had a life to them.
So like,
and then at some point from me comes this orb and sorta like goes up and then I
started examining what the orbs are. So look, look,
I don't know. I don't know about any of this stuff,
but this is just what it gave me. I don't know. You know, same as mushrooms.
I don't know if it's just scientific or if it's like, uh, another realm,
whatever. Right? The orbs were.
I call it when you pure something, when you pure it to me, they were,
they were moments of pure artistic expression. You ever have a,
like a set or, or, or a Jew or a role where you're like,
I hit every move you get in the zone. You're in the zone. Sure. You pured it,
you know, in golf, Jamie, you might know. It's like,
when you hit one and you're just like like up, but you're like,
I can't hit the green from here. You do see it go perfectly and bounce.
And it's just a pure moment of artistic expression.
And generally when I see that, it makes me cry when I listed to nevermind,
I start, I tear up, you know, you ever hear that album? And you're like, oh,
this is th they nailed it. You nailed it. Nailed it. Uh,
cigar de Familia in Barcelona, this church that was being built still,
it was a 200 year plan to build the perfect church St. Peter's Basilica in Rome.
Okay. And you see it stunning. And I worked in there. I just thought, I mean,
I started we'd start crying. Yeah. It's like, I don't know. It's just like,
it's overwhelmingly perfect. It's art. Yeah. Other moments I was at, um,
the, um, it doesn't have to be big moments. It could be small moments.
I was at the, um,
haunted ride at Disney back in LA and I was with some chick and
I was like, some guy was like, oh right. This was, uh, you know, and like pitch,
he's playing the role, whatever. And then like,
he left to go greet the next like car. And as we were slowly moving forward,
and then I was like, oh, I thought it was creepy. Right.
And then he was back on me to go, Ooh, there's you say?
It just like frightened me. And I'm like, that guy nailed it.
And that moment we were both jumped. He nailed it. Right. He peered it.
And what you want in those moments, you did it. Right.
You made this thing and that's the orb and what you want is to make it for sure.
But you also want, is some recognition. You want someone to say, like,
if you hit that golf shot, you look around, like,
if you're playing by yourself and somebody that next he's like, dude, nice one.
You're like, yes, thank you. You saw it. You saw it. Right.
And so there's been two things.
I've gotten that way to two things that I've had that I'm like, I,
I appeared it. Um, one was that storytelling show.
This is not happening. I just think it was like, I mean,
I don't, I don't want to talk about myself, but like, it was cool. And it,
it nailed was a way for other comics to show themselves.
Can express it for you. You did an amazing thing.
And those opening sequences where you'd have like these animated fight scenes
and, there were awesome.
Cool and fun to watch. And let people go like, Hey,
we're not going to censor you. Right. We want you to do your thing. You're a,
a strip club.
And the woods story is like these moments that I'm also allowing other people
to, like, I figured out my orbs,
what I do is make stuff myself and then also give a chance for other people to
make theirs.
It's one of my things I like making you have the same thing where you like
having other people make their things.
It's one of your art forms is allowing other people to make their art.
Another one was this last hour I did the Jew hour. It was, it was good.
It was really, it was good. And so it would have bothered me at the time.
I wasn't able to like, make it as special, but it was able to,
in that moment to go, but I made it, it was good. You know,
I made a really, really mindful kind of perfect thing.
And yeah, maybe whatever happened.
Like I wasn't able to make like millions of people saw it,
but like thousands of people saw it,
maybe 150,000 people saw it live, you know?
But like I made it and I cried hard for
that, for this not happening, not so much that like for the loss, but for like,
for like when I, I was able to, I was able to step back and go, like,
it's done now. I made it. And it, it hit me like, oh, dude,
that was good. And I just kind of said goodbye to it.
And that orb went up and played for
eternity.
Every time you do something like artistically pure like that and nail it,
you pure it. Those things are up there in the heavens and the whatever
they're playing with each other, all the forms that guy at Disney,
the guy who made the Basilica NEF, uh, Kurt Cobain,
nevermind, not Kurt Cobain, nevermind is up there playing with each other,
enjoying each other's company forever.
And I saw myself in 50 years dead and the orbs is still
playing and I'm decaying and the orbs is still playing.
There'll be there forever.
And I was able to sort of like put that behind me and say,
I'll move on to my next thing,
because what I want to do is I want to make things right.
I want to make another orb. And that's kind of,
all I want to do now is just make another thing. And I won't always get there.
But even if you fail, even if you're like, ah, that's, that was so, so,
you know, what's getting you closer to a perfect set.
And sometimes it's just a 15 minutes set at the whatever club, you know,
uh, governors or some where it's like, oh,
I nailed that somebody has a 10 minute pop. And you're like,
stop that earthquake thing that I saw at the ha that was one.
Cause there was some kid, some young one-year comic watching that going,
oh my God, he pured it in that moment. Yeah.
But you want someone to notice it once in a while you just, you do.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.